---
title: 19/06/17
layout: post
author: nivethan.thavaraj
permalink: /19/06/17/
source-id: 19HUcpfaqBG9wjZx7a0RG3F-jyP7HXe1w1kQlqgRVhvE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecademy 9%</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>My target for this lesson is to be able to get up to at least 14% on the project</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I reached exactly 14% which is very good as 9% is actually very long and I am quite slow at working</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like last time, I tried to read the text on the side as thoroughly as I could (but I did rush through it sometimes which made it quite hard for me to complete the task) and this time I tried to type faster but it didn't really work. I learnt that if I don't read the text slowly the task doesn't make any sense.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I am quite disappointed as I only just achieved my target of 14% so I definitely need to try and type faster. Also although I do read the text thoroughly I read it quite slowly which means I get less work done so I think I should read the text properly and a bit faster.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?                  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the next lesson I will focus completely on my work so I can get more done and like my goal was last time, I will read and type faster to also help me get more work done quickly. I will also try many different methods if one doesn't work before I ask for help.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


I missed out last lesson because we had to do the "Junior Maths Challenge" for the whole of the lesson.

